Release 2022.12.2 (#3852)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022-okta-identity-engine/index.md

## December

### Weekly release 2022.12.2

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-12-2)                      |December 21, 2022            |

#### Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2

> * UPDATE requests to the `/brands/{brandId}/pages/sign-in/preview` and `/brands/{brandId}/pages/sign-in` endpoints sometimes returned a `null` response that resulted in an HTTP 400 Bad Request error. (OKTA-551632)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PUT requests to the `/brands/{brandId}/pages/sign-in/preview` and `/brands/{brandId}/pages/sign-in` endpoints under certain conditions returned a `null` response body with an HTTP 400 Bad Request error. (OKTA-551632)
```
Sorry, I know this has already been reviewed, but you shouldn't capitalize UPDATE unless it's a REST request operations? Maybe use "Update requests to the ..." or use "PUT requests to the ..."?
Also, the null response doesn't "resulted" an 400 bad request error? Please confirm with dev.

> * If an admin added redirect URIs and reached the character limit, they couldn't edit the redirect URI list using the Apps API. (OKTA-476668)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an admin added redirect URIs that reached the maximum character limit, they couldn't edit the redirect URI list using the Apps API. (OKTA-476668)
```
Not sure if this edit is ok?

> * When an admin viewed a user's profile, an error sometimes occurred. (OKTA-558220)

Reviewer: Can we be more specific from dev perspective? This seems like an Admin Console bug? What's the API request?

Author: Confirmed with Susan that this is correct.

### Weekly release 2022.12.1

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|

> | [Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-12-2)                      |December 21, 2022            |

Author: error. fixed.

> | [Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-12-2)                      |December 21, 2022            |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Bugs fixed in 2022.12.1](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-12-1)                      |December 14, 2022            |
```

## December

### Weekly release 2022.12.2

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-12-2)                      |December 21, 2022            |

#### Bugs fixed in 2022.12.2

* Attempts to save sign-in page edits sometimes failed when using the full-feature code editor. (OKTA-551632)

> * If an admin added redirect URIs that reached the maximum character limit, they couldn't edit the redirect URI list using the Apps API. (OKTA-476668)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an admin added a redirect URI that reached the character limit, they couldn't edit the redirect URI list using the Apps API. (OKTA-476668)
```
